word_freq_make numerico
word_freq_address numerico
word_freq_all numerico
word_freq_3d numerico
word_freq_our numerico
word_freq_over numerico
word_freq_remove numerico
word_freq_internet numerico
word_freq_order numerico
word_freq_mail numerico
word_freq_receive numerico
word_freq_will numerico
word_freq_people numerico
word_freq_report numerico
word_freq_addresses numerico
word_freq_free numerico
word_freq_business numerico
word_freq_email numerico
word_freq_you numerico
word_freq_credit numerico
word_freq_your numerico
word_freq_font numerico
word_freq_000 numerico
word_freq_money numerico
word_freq_hp numerico
word_freq_hpl numerico
word_freq_george numerico
word_freq_650 numerico
word_freq_lab numerico
word_freq_labs numerico
word_freq_telnet numerico
word_freq_857 numerico
word_freq_data numerico
word_freq_415 numerico
word_freq_85 numerico
word_freq_technology numerico
word_freq_1999 numerico
word_freq_parts numerico
word_freq_pm numerico
word_freq_direct numerico
word_freq_cs numerico
word_freq_meeting numerico
word_freq_original numerico
word_freq_project numerico
word_freq_re numerico
word_freq_edu numerico
word_freq_table numerico
word_freq_conference numerico
char_freq_%3B numerico
char_freq_%28 numerico
char_freq_%5B numerico
char_freq_%21 numerico
char_freq_%24 numerico
char_freq_%23 numerico
capital_run_length_average numerico
capital_run_length_longest numerico
capital_run_length_total numerico
